Update Upgrades and Patches section in Cloud Guide for Cloud v2002.1.0 (#6440)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/reference/ece-tools-reference.md

  - Cloud
---

> The `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package is a set of scripts and tools designed to manage and deploy {{site.data.var.ece}} projects. The `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package simplifies many {{site.data.var.ece}} processes, such as Docker environment deployment, cron management, project verification, and applying Magento patches and hot fixes. You can view and contribute to the open-source [ece-tools repository on Github](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools).

Reviewer: the last item in the series is different than the others because of the word `applying`

{% include cloud/note-ece-tools-release-info.md %}

## Magento patches and custom patches

> The `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package includes a dependency for the [magento/magento-cloud-patches] package, which delivers Magento patches and hot fixes that improve the integration of all Magento Commerce versions with Cloud environments and supports quick delivery of critical fixes. The `{{site.data.var.mcp}}` also delivers custom patches that you add to your Magento Commerce Cloud project. See [Apply patches].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package includes a dependency for the [magento/magento-cloud-patches] package, which delivers Magento patches and hot fixes that improve the integration of all {{site.data.var.ee}} versions with Cloud environments and supports quick delivery of critical fixes. The `{{site.data.var.mcp}}` also delivers custom patches that you add to your {{site.data.var.ece}} project. See [Apply patches].
```
